Azure backend: support snapshots/versioning (#24069)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/backends/types/azurerm.html.md

* `environment` - (Optional) The Azure Environment which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_ENVIRONMENT` environment variable. Possible values are `public`, `china`, `german`, `stack` and `usgovernment`. Defaults to `public`.

> * `versioning` - (Optional) Should versioning for state file be used - default `false`. This value can also be sourced from the `ARM_VERSIONING` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `snapshot` - (Optional) Should the Blob used to store the Terraform Statefile be snapshotted before use? Defaults to `false`. This value can also be sourced from the `ARM_SNAPSHOT` environment variable.
```
